# SwaggerClient-php
<b>The Easy Blockchain API is an easy to use API to store entries within chains. Currently it stores entries using the bitcoin blockchain by means of Factom or Multichain. The latter also allows for a private blockchain. In the future other solutions will be made available</b>    The flow is generally as follows:  1. Make sure a context is available using the / POST endpoint. Normally you only need one context. This is the place where backend providers and blockchain implementations are being specified.  2. Make sure a chain has been created using the /chain POST endpoint. Normally you only need one or a handful of chains. This is a relative expensive operation.  3. Store entries on the chain from step 2. The entries will contain the content and metadata you want to store forever on the specified chain.  4. Retrieve an existing entry from the chain to verify or retrieve data      <b>Interactive testing: </b>A web based test console is available in the <a href=\"https://store.sphereon.com\">Sphereon API Store</a>

This PHP package is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 0.9
- Package version: 0.9.2
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.PhpClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://sphereon.com](https://sphereon.com)

## Requirements

PHP 5.4.0 and later

## Installation & Usage
### Composer

To install the bindings via [Composer](http://getcomposer.org/), add the following to `composer.json`:

```
{
  "repositories": [
    {
      "type": "git",
      "url": "https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git"
    }
  ],
  "require": {
    "GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID": "*@dev"
  }
}
```

Then run `composer install`

### Manual Installation

Download the files and include `autoload.php`:

```php
    require_once('/path/to/SwaggerClient-php/autoload.php');
```

## Tests

To run the unit tests:

```
composer install
./vendor/bin/phpunit
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```php
<?php
require_once(__DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php');

// Configure OAuth2 access token for authorization: oauth2schema
Sphereon\SDK\Blockchain\Easy\Configuration::getDefaultConfiguration()->setAccessToken('YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN');

$api_instance = new Sphereon\SDK\Blockchain\Easy\Api\AllApi();
$context = "context_example"; // string | context
$chain_id = "chain_id_example"; // string | chainId

try {
    $result = $api_instance->chainIdExists($context, $chain_id);
    print_r($result);
} catch (Exception $e) {
    echo 'Exception when calling AllApi->chainIdExists: ', $e->getMessage(), PHP_EOL;
}

?>
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://gw.api.cloud.sphereon.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AllApi* | [**chainIdExists**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#chainidexists) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/id/{chainId} | Determine whether the Id of a chain exists in the blockchain
*AllApi* | [**createBackend**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#createbackend) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/backends | Create a new backend
*AllApi* | [**createChain**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#createchain) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains | Create a new chain
*AllApi* | [**createContext**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#createcontext) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/ | Create a new context
*AllApi* | [**createEntry**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#createentry) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries | Create a new entry in the provided chain
*AllApi* | [**deleteBackend**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#deletebackend) | **DELETE** /blockchain/easy/0.9/backends/{backendId} | Delete backend by id (not by ledgername)
*AllApi* | [**determineChainId**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#determinechainid) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/id | Pre determine the Id of a chain request without anchoring it in the blockchain
*AllApi* | [**determineEntryId**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#determineentryid) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/id/{chainId}/entries | Pre determine the Id of an entry request without anchoring the entry
*AllApi* | [**entryById**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#entrybyid) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/{entryId} | Get an existing entry in the provided chain
*AllApi* | [**entryByRequest**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#entrybyrequest) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/entry | Get an existing entry in the provided chain
*AllApi* | [**entryIdExists**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#entryidexists) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/id/{chainId}/entries/{entryId} | Determine whether the Id of an entry exists in the blockchain
*AllApi* | [**findBackends**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#findbackends) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/backends/{backendId}/find | Find existing backend(s) by id (single result) and/or ledgername (multiple results). Optionally including public backends of others
*AllApi* | [**firstEntry**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#firstentry) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/first | Get the first entry in the provided chain. This is the oldest entry also called the chain tail.  Please note that the achorTimes will only contain the first anchor time. Call getEntry to retrieve all times
*AllApi* | [**getBackend**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#getbackend) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/backends/{backendId} | Get existing backend by id (not by ledgername). Optionally including public backend of others
*AllApi* | [**getContext**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#getcontext) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context} | Get an existing context
*AllApi* | [**lastEntry**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#lastentry) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/last | Get the last entry in the provided chain. This is the most recent entry also called the chain head. Please note that the achorTimes will only contain the latest anchor time. Call getEntry to retrieve all times
*AllApi* | [**listBackends**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#listbackends) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/backends | List existing backends.
*AllApi* | [**nextEntryById**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#nextentrybyid) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/{entryId}/next | Get the entry after the supplied entry Id (the next) in the provided chain
*AllApi* | [**nextEntryByRequest**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#nextentrybyrequest) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/entry/next | Get the entry after the supplied entry Id (the next) in the provided chain
*AllApi* | [**previousEntryById**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#previousentrybyid) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/{entryId}/previous | Get the entry before the supplied entry Id (the previous) in the provided chain
*AllApi* | [**previousEntryByRequest**](docs/Api/AllApi.md#previousentrybyrequest) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/entry/previous | Get the entry before the supplied entry Id (the previous) in the provided chain
*ChainApi* | [**createChain**](docs/Api/ChainApi.md#createchain) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains | Create a new chain
*ContextApi* | [**createBackend**](docs/Api/ContextApi.md#createbackend) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/backends | Create a new backend
*ContextApi* | [**createContext**](docs/Api/ContextApi.md#createcontext) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/ | Create a new context
*ContextApi* | [**deleteBackend**](docs/Api/ContextApi.md#deletebackend) | **DELETE** /blockchain/easy/0.9/backends/{backendId} | Delete backend by id (not by ledgername)
*ContextApi* | [**findBackends**](docs/Api/ContextApi.md#findbackends) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/backends/{backendId}/find | Find existing backend(s) by id (single result) and/or ledgername (multiple results). Optionally including public backends of others
*ContextApi* | [**getBackend**](docs/Api/ContextApi.md#getbackend) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/backends/{backendId} | Get existing backend by id (not by ledgername). Optionally including public backend of others
*ContextApi* | [**getContext**](docs/Api/ContextApi.md#getcontext) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context} | Get an existing context
*ContextApi* | [**listBackends**](docs/Api/ContextApi.md#listbackends) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/backends | List existing backends.
*EntryApi* | [**createEntry**](docs/Api/EntryApi.md#createentry) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries | Create a new entry in the provided chain
*EntryApi* | [**entryById**](docs/Api/EntryApi.md#entrybyid) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/{entryId} | Get an existing entry in the provided chain
*EntryApi* | [**entryByRequest**](docs/Api/EntryApi.md#entrybyrequest) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/entry | Get an existing entry in the provided chain
*EntryApi* | [**firstEntry**](docs/Api/EntryApi.md#firstentry) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/first | Get the first entry in the provided chain. This is the oldest entry also called the chain tail.  Please note that the achorTimes will only contain the first anchor time. Call getEntry to retrieve all times
*EntryApi* | [**lastEntry**](docs/Api/EntryApi.md#lastentry) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/last | Get the last entry in the provided chain. This is the most recent entry also called the chain head. Please note that the achorTimes will only contain the latest anchor time. Call getEntry to retrieve all times
*EntryApi* | [**nextEntryById**](docs/Api/EntryApi.md#nextentrybyid) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/{entryId}/next | Get the entry after the supplied entry Id (the next) in the provided chain
*EntryApi* | [**nextEntryByRequest**](docs/Api/EntryApi.md#nextentrybyrequest) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/entry/next | Get the entry after the supplied entry Id (the next) in the provided chain
*EntryApi* | [**previousEntryById**](docs/Api/EntryApi.md#previousentrybyid) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/{entryId}/previous | Get the entry before the supplied entry Id (the previous) in the provided chain
*EntryApi* | [**previousEntryByRequest**](docs/Api/EntryApi.md#previousentrybyrequest) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/{chainId}/entries/entry/previous | Get the entry before the supplied entry Id (the previous) in the provided chain
*IdApi* | [**chainIdExists**](docs/Api/IdApi.md#chainidexists) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/id/{chainId} | Determine whether the Id of a chain exists in the blockchain
*IdApi* | [**determineChainId**](docs/Api/IdApi.md#determinechainid) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/id | Pre determine the Id of a chain request without anchoring it in the blockchain
*IdApi* | [**determineEntryId**](docs/Api/IdApi.md#determineentryid) | **POST** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/id/{chainId}/entries | Pre determine the Id of an entry request without anchoring the entry
*IdApi* | [**entryIdExists**](docs/Api/IdApi.md#entryidexists) | **GET** /blockchain/easy/0.9/{context}/chains/id/{chainId}/entries/{entryId} | Determine whether the Id of an entry exists in the blockchain


## Documentation For Models

 - [Access](docs/Model/Access.md)
 - [AnchoredEntryResponse](docs/Model/AnchoredEntryResponse.md)
 - [Backend](docs/Model/Backend.md)
 - [Chain](docs/Model/Chain.md)
 - [CommittedChain](docs/Model/CommittedChain.md)
 - [CommittedChainResponse](docs/Model/CommittedChainResponse.md)
 - [CommittedEntry](docs/Model/CommittedEntry.md)
 - [CommittedEntryResponse](docs/Model/CommittedEntryResponse.md)
 - [Context](docs/Model/Context.md)
 - [Entry](docs/Model/Entry.md)
 - [EntryData](docs/Model/EntryData.md)
 - [Error](docs/Model/Error.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](docs/Model/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [ExternalId](docs/Model/ExternalId.md)
 - [IdResponse](docs/Model/IdResponse.md)
 - [RawBackendStructure](docs/Model/RawBackendStructure.md)
 - [RpcProvider](docs/Model/RpcProvider.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


## oauth2schema

- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: application
- **Authorization URL**: 
- **Scopes**: 
 - **global**: accessEverything


## Author

dev@sphereon.com


